Change the QUICK START guide and add 'Have a try via TiUP' section (#17188)
pingcap/tidb: README.md

## Quick start

- Install [TiUP](https://tiup.io)

    ```shell script
    curl --proto '=https' --tlsv1.2 -sSf https://tiup-mirrors.pingcap.com/install.sh | sh 
    ```
  
- Run a TiDB cluster (the latest stable version)

    ```shell script
    tiup playground
    ```

- Run a nightly TiDB cluster (the nightly built version)
    
    ```shell script
    tiup playground nightly
    ```

> See [TiDB Quick Start Guide](https://pingcap.com/docs/stable/quick-start-with-tidb/) for other quick start methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [TiDB Quick Start Guide](https://pingcap.com/docs/stable/quick-start-with-tidb/) for other quick start ways.
```
How about this?

Author: em, see https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/17188#discussion_r424844436

## Quick start

- Have a try via [TiUP](https://tiup.io)
  - Install TiUP
    
    ```shell script
    curl --proto '=https' --tlsv1.2 -sSf https://tiup-mirrors.pingcap.com/install.sh | sh 
    ```
    
  - Run a TiDB cluster (the latest stable version)
  
    ```shell script
    tiup playground
    ```
    
  - Run a nightly TiDB cluster (the nightly built version)
  
    ```shell script
    tiup playground nightly
    ```

> - For other ways, see [TiDB documentation](https://pingcap.com/docs/).

Reviewer 2: How about this?
```suggestion
- For other methods, see [TiDB Quick Start Guide](https://pingcap.com/docs/stable/quick-start-with-tidb/).
```

> - For other methods, see [TiDB Quick Start Guide](https://pingcap.com/docs/stable/quick-start-with-tidb/).

Reviewer 3: How about:

## Quick start

- Install [TiUP](https://tiup.io)

  ```shell script
  curl --proto '=https' --tlsv1.2 -sSf https://tiup-mirrors.pingcap.com/install.sh | sh 
  ```

- Run a nightly TiDB cluster (the nightly built version)

  ```shell script
  tiup playground nightly
  ```

See [TiDB Quick Start Guide](https://pingcap.com/docs/stable/quick-start-with-tidb/) for other quick start methods.

Author: Awesome advice, addressed.

> - Read the [Quick Start Guide](https://pingcap.com/docs/QUICKSTART), which includes deployment methods using Ansible, Docker, and Kubernetes.

Reviewer 2: The link directs to the v3.0 overview, not a quickstart guide. Please check and update it.

Author: PTAL again.
